Additions to Application Overview (#2052)
Nexmo/nexmo-developer: _documentation/application/overview.md

# Overview

> **NOTE:** This section of the docs describes [Applications V2](/api/application.v2) functionality.

A Nexmo application contains the security and configuration information you need to connect to Nexmo endpoints and use the Nexmo APIs.

Each Nexmo application created can support multiple capabilities - for example you can create an Application that supports using the Voice, Messages and RTC APIs.

![Application Overview](/assets/images/nexmo_application_v2.png "Application Overview")

To illustrate the use of Nexmo applications, a brief summary for creating and using a Nexmo voice application is given here:

1. Create a Nexmo application using the CLI, the Dashboard or the Application API.
2. Make sure you configure your webhook URLs. Nexmo will call back on these URLs with important information.
3. Associate a Nexmo number with your Nexmo application.
4. Write your web application. This responds on the webhook URLs and may use the Nexmo APIs as required.

> Example, an application that [forwards inbound calls](/voice/voice-api/code-snippets/connect-an-inbound-call) to a destination phone:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance, if you want to create an application that [forwards inbound calls](/voice/voice-api/code-snippets/connect-an-inbound-call) to a destination phone, you would perform the following steps:
```

1. You create a Nexmo application that has voice capabilities.
2. You configure the answer and event webhook URLs.
3. You associate a Nexmo number with your Nexmo application.
4. You implement a web application that responds to callbacks on the webhook URLs.
5. When an inbound call is made to the Nexmo number associated with the Nexmo application, an [NCCO](/voice/voice-api/ncco-reference) is returned on the `answer_url`.

> Other types of application, such as those with Messages and Dispatch capabilities, have a slightly different process which is described in the relevant sections of this [documentation](/documentation).

Reviewer: Maybe link to `/application/overview` here (which defines the different capabilities) rather than back to the main docs page?

Author: That would work. Let me fix it.
